",	,"	According to US English comma comes before end quotation mark	Any
".	."	According to US English dot comes before end quotation mark	Any
 	Single space	Check consistency of double spaces within a sentence. Beginning of a sentence is ok. Try not to use spaces for alignment	Any
above figure	Figure or Fig. n	Refer to specific figure no	Any
above table	Table n	Refer to specific Table no	Any
Actually	Actually,	Comma should be used at beginning of a sentence	Begin
Also	Also,	Comma should be used at beginning of a sentence	Begin
all most	almost	Is a single word	Any
all ready	already	Is a single word	Any
all together	altogether	Is a single word	Any
all ways	allways	Is a single word	Any
also known as	aka.	Can be replaced with aka or a.k.a. in most cases	Any
Anyway	Anyway,	Comma should be used at beginning of a sentence	Begin
a.k.a.,	aka.,	Needs a comma	Any
a.k.a.	aka.,	Needs a comma	Any
aka.	aka.,	Needs a comma	Any
at el	et al.	Possible typo	Any
before hand	beforehand	Is a single word	Any
below figure	Figure or Fig. n	Refer to specific figure no	Any
below table	Table n	Refer to specific Table no	Any
blockchain	Blockchain	B should be capital	Case
can not	cannot	Is a single word	Any
can't	cannot	Is a single word	Any
data center	datacenter	Is a single word	Any
don't	do not	Use this informal writing	Any
doesn't	does not	Use this informal writing	Any
e.g.	e.g.,	Needs a comma	Any
eq.	Eq.	E should be capital	Case
eq,	Eq.	Possible typo	Any
eq	Eq.	Possible typo	Any
et al	et al.	Possible typo	Any
et. al.	et al.	Possible typo	Any
etc.	etc.,	Needs a comma unless at end of sentence	Any
etc...	etc.,	Only 1 dot. Needs a comma unless at end of sentence	Any
et al., (year)	et al. (year)	Possible typo	Any
far away	faraway	Is a single word	Any
fig.	Fig.	F should be capital	Case
fig,	Fig.	Possible typo	Any
fig	Fig.	Possible typo	Any
fig.\d	Fig. n	There has to be a space between Fig. and number	RegEx
Fig.\d	Fig. n	There has to be a space between Fig. and number	RegEx
fig.*\d	Fig. n	There has to be a space between Fig. and number	RegEx
Fig.*\d	Fig. n	There has to be a space between Fig. and number	RegEx
Finally	Finally,	Comma should be used at beginning of a sentence	Begin
figure	Figure	F should be capital	Case
following figure	Figure or Fig. n	Refer to specific figure no	Any
following table	Table n	Refer to specific Table no	Any
further more	furthermore	Is a single word	Any
Further more	Furthermore,	Comma should be used at beginning of a sentence	Begin
hasn't	has not is	Use this informal writing	Any
haven't	have not is	Use this informal writing	Any
he	he/she	No gender bias	Any
Hence	Hence,	Comma should be used at beginning of a sentence	Begin
However	However,	Comma should be used at beginning of a sentence	Begin
i.e.	i.e.,	Needs a comma	Any
in order to	to	Can be replaced with just to in many cases	Any
in to	into	Is a single word	Any
in formal	informal	Is a single word	Any
it's	it is	Are 2 words. Also, know the difference between it is and its	Any
let's	let us	Use this informal writing	Any
Likewise	Likewise,	Comma should be used at beginning of a sentence	Begin
may be	maybe	Is a single word	Any
Moreover	Moreover,	Comma should be used at beginning of a sentence	Begin
my self	myself	Is a single word	Any
Nevertheless	Nevertheless,	Comma should be used at beginning of a sentence	Begin
on going	ongoing	Is a single word	Any
section	Section	S should be capital	Case
sec.	Sec.	S should be capital	Case
she	he/she	No gender bias	Any
table	Table	T should be capital	Case
table.	Table	Possible typo	Any
testbed	test bed	Are 2 words	Any
there's	there is	Use this informal writing	Any
Therefore	Therefore,	Comma should be used at beginning of a sentence	Begin
Thus	Thus,	Comma should be used at beginning of a sentence	Begin
Typically	Typically,	Comma should be used at beginning of a sentence	Begin
wasn't	was not is	Use this informal writing	Any
where as	whereas	Is a single word	Any
wide spread	widespread	Is a single word	Any
won't	will not is	Use this informal writing	Any
\d hours	n-hours	There has to be a space dash between number and value	RegEx
\d bit	n-bit	There has to be a space dash between number and value	RegEx
.\[\d	text [n]	There has to be a space dash between text and reference number	RegEx